look at that from rachel cool
calm and collected and very scurry she's
got two minutes 17 to beat
[Applause]
it's a great start come on rachel
i'm not bothered by that though look at
this it's solid she's determined she's
going up that ramp
[Music]
[Applause]
just don't panic rachel you've got time
oh no rachel come on get back
up
got over a minute left to try and beat
katie's time of two minutes 17.
onto the platform there's a big jump
onto the spinny thing
and she's going around she's going to
hang on take it a ride round
don't get too dizzy rachel
[Applause]
still got a minute to go 217
is the time to beat time is ticking away
for rachel
and going in the water is not going to
help
get out rachel get out of the water
there's 10 grand on this
[Music]
here she goes on to the trampoline
rachel you've got
time come on rachel we're counting them
down
bounce oh rachel no no no
oh she's still on fred how is she doing
this
the lure of 10 grand does strange things
to people jump on press the buzzer press
the buzzer rachel
oh my words he's done it yes rachel
give her the sports personality of the
year right now
[Music]
you